Substitutions: script output and human revision (#1363)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/installation-guide/proc_configuring-namespace-strategies.adoc

{prod-short} server can be configured to honor the user selection of a namespace when a workspace is created. This feature is disabled by default. To allow user-defined workspace namespaces:

ifeval::["{project-context}" == "che"]

> * For Helm Chart deployments, set the following environment variable in the {prod-short} config map:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For Helm Chart deployments, set the following environment variable in the {prod-short} ConfigMap:
```
